
describe-spot-instance-requests
*******************************


DESCRIPTION
===========

Describes Spot Instance requests. Spot Instances are instances that
Amazon EC2 starts on your behalf when the maximum price that you
specify exceeds the current Spot Price. Amazon EC2 periodically sets
the Spot Price based on available Spot Instance capacity and current
spot instance requests. For conceptual information about Spot
Instances, refer to the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud Developer Guide
or Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide .

You can filter the results to return information only about Spot
Instance requests that match criteria you specify. For example, you
could get information about requests where the Spot Price you
specified is a certain value (you can't use greater than or less than
comparison, but you can use "*" and "?" wildcards). You can specify
multiple values for a filter. A Spot Instance request must match at
least one of the specified values for it to be included in the
results.

You can specify multiple filters (e.g., the Spot Price is equal to a
particular value, and the instance type is "m1.small" ). The result
includes information for a particular request only if it matches all
your filters. If there's no match, no special message is returned; the
response is simply empty.

You can use wildcards with the filter values: an asterisk matches zero
or more characters, and "?" matches exactly one character. You can
escape special characters using a backslash before the character. For
example, a value of "\*amazon\?\\" searches for the literal string
"*amazon?\" .


SYNOPSIS
========

   aws ec2 describe-spot-instance-requests
     [--spot-instance-request-ids <value>]
     [--filters <value>]


REQUIRED PARAMETERS
===================

None


OPTIONAL PARAMETERS
===================

"--spot-instance-request-ids"  (list of string)
   The ID of the request.

   *Parameter Syntax*

      ["string", ...]

"--filters"  (list)
   A list of filters used to match properties for SpotInstances. For a
   complete reference to the available filter keys for this operation,
   see the Amazon EC2 API reference .

      (structure)
         A filter used to limit results when describing tags. Multiple
         values can be specified per filter. A tag must match at least
         one of the specified values for it to be returned from an
         operation.

         Wildcards can be included in filter values; "*" specifies
         that zero or more characters must match, and "?" specifies
         that exactly one character must match. Use a backslash to
         escape special characters. For example, a filter value of
         "\*amazon\?\\" specifies the literal string "*amazon?\" .

         "values"  (list of string)
            Contains one or more values for the filter.

         "name"  (string)
            Specifies the name of the filter.

   *Parameter Syntax*

      [
        {
          "values":
            ["string", ...],
          "name": "string"
        }
        ...
      ]


FILTERS
=======

"availability-zone-group"
   The Availability Zone group. If you specify the same Availability
   Zone group for all Spot Instance requests, all Spot Instances are
   launched in the same Availability Zone.

"create-time"
   The time stamp when the Spot Instance request was created.

"fault-code"
   The fault code related to the request.

"fault-message"
   The fault message related to the request.

"instance-id"
   The ID of the instance that fulfilled the request.

"launch-group"
   The Spot Instance launch group. Launch groups are Spot Instances
   that launch together and terminate together.

"launch.block-device-mapping.delete-on-termination"
   Whether the Amazon EBS volume is deleted on instance termination.

"launch.block-device-mapping.device-name"
   The device name (for example, /dev/sdh) for the Amazon EBS volume.

"launch.block-device-mapping.snapshot-id"
   The ID of the snapshot used for the Amazon EBS volume.

"launch.block-device-mapping.volume-size"
   The volume size of the Amazon EBS volume, in GiB.

"launch.block-device-mapping.volume-type"
   The volume type of the Amazon EBS volume. Valid Values:
   "standard|io1"

"launch.group-id"
   The security group for the instance.

"launch.image-id"
   The ID of the AMI.

"launch.instance-type"
   The type of instance (for example, m1.small).

"launch.kernel-id"
   The kernel ID.

"launch.key-name"
   The name of the key pair the instance launched with.

"launch.monitoring-enabled"
   Whether monitoring is enabled for the Spot Instance.

"launch.network-interface.addresses.primary"
   Indicates whether the IP address is the primary private IP address.

"launch.network-interface.delete-on-termination"
   Indicates whether the network interface is deleted when the
   instance is terminated.

"launch.network-interface.description"
   A description of the network interface.

"launch.network-interface.device-index"
   The index of the device for the network interface attachment on the
   instance.

"launch.network-interface.group-id"
   The ID of the security group associated with the network interface.

"launch.network-interface.group-name"
   The name of the security group associated with the network
   interface.

"launch.network-interface.network-interface-id"
   The ID of the network interface.

"launch.network-interface.private-ip-address"
   The primary private IP address of the network interface.

"launch.network-interface.subnet-id"
   The ID of the subnet for the instance.

"launch.ramdisk-id"
   The RAM disk ID.

"launched-availability-zone"
   The Availability Zone in which the bid is launched. Valid Values:
   "us-east-1a"

"product-description"
   The product description associated with the instance. Valid Values:
   "Linux/UNIX|Windows"

"spot-instance-request-id"
   The Spot Instance request ID.

"spot-price"
   The maximum hourly price for any Spot Instance launched to fulfill
   the request.

"state"
   The state of the Spot Instance request. Spot bid status information
   can help you track your Amazon EC2 Spot Instance requests. For
   information, see Tracking Spot Requests with Bid Status Codes in
   the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide . Valid Values:
   "open|active|closed|cancelled|failed"

"status-code"
   The short code describing the most recent evaluation of your Spot
   Instance request. For more information, see Spot Bid Status in the
   .

"status-message"
   The message explaining the status of the Spot Instance request.

"tag-key"
   The key of a tag assigned to the resource. This filter is
   independent of the tag-value filter. For example, if you use both
   the filter " tag-key=Purpose " and the filter " tag-value=X ", you
   get any resources assigned both the tag key Purpose (regardless of
   what the tag's value is), and the tag value X (regardless of what
   the tag's key is). If you want to list only resources where Purpose
   is X, see the key filter later in this table.

"tag-value"
   The value of a tag assigned to the resource. This filter is
   independent of the tag-key filter.

"tag:"
   --filters the response based on a specific tag/value combination.

"type"
   The type of Spot Instance request. Valid Values: "one-
   time|persistent"

"valid-from"
   The start date of the request.

"valid-until"
   The end date of the request.
